Ok here you come
I've been waiting for you for a long time.
Go ahead.
What can I do for you?
Ah!
Do people know they are wrong?
You drank this glass of wine
Just forgive me, okay?
I will definitely accompany you to live a good life in the future
Husband and children take care of mother-in-law
Just your vanity
A woman with a heart like a snake and a scorpion will believe in her godson
Ah, I know, it's wrong.
I will serve you well, ma'am
Are you suffocated in prison?
Okay, you have this house return insurance in one lump sum.
I will forgive you
Drink this glass of wine
Sir, dear.
Anyway, the prison house of the dream is still mine
Okay, then I'll sign this agreement
You drink this glass of wine
OK
Now you know my sincerity
Can I have this drink now?
So hot
So tall, hello 6, 6
Ok I miss you
Okay, okay?